Update win10-vm.md (#311)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/win10-vm.md

title: Developing Windows apps on a non-Windows PC
---

> It is possible to develop Windows apps on a non-Windows PC by creating using a virtual machine either locally or on Azure.

Reviewer: >by creating using a virtual machine

Probably wanted to remove part of that

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to develop Windows apps on a non-Windows PC by using a virtual machine. The virtual machine can run either locally or on Azure.
```

### Local VM

1. Go to [Windows 10 development environment](https://developer.microsoft.com/windows/downloads/virtual-machines/) for a link to download a Windows 10 virtual machine image. These are usually available for 90 days and are provided in different formats (VMWare, Hyper-V, VirtualBox, and Parallels).
2. Once you have created your VM, open an elevated PowerShell session: press the start menu button, type `powershell`, right click on it and select Run as administrator. You will be prompted for permissions, click "Yes".

![](assets/powershell-start-menu.png)

3. At this point you are ready to set up your development dependencies. Follow the instructions on [dependencies](rnw-dependencies.md).

### Azure VM

> 1. Go to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/using-visual-studio-vm and follow the instructions to create a Visual Studio 2019 on Windows 10 in Azure.

Reviewer: >follow the instructions to create a Visual Studio 2019 on Windows

missing word 'vm'? or 'vm with vs installed'?

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/using-visual-studio-vm and follow the instructions to create a **Visual Studio 2019 Latest** virtual machine on "Windows 10 Enterprise N" in Azure.
```
